Mehedi Hasan Mahim, popularly known as Mehedi Hasan is a renowned Bangladeshi Entrepreneur, Businessman & Social Worker. He is the Founder of Cafe Puzzle and  Co-Founder of RoyalMotion IT & Cyber Teens Foundation. He was born on January 24th, 1999, in Narail district, Bangladesh. One of his many works is the Cyber Teens Foundation, which is an internationally recognized organization and recipient of the International Children's Peace Award in 2020 from the Netherlands-based organization Kids Rice for the prevention of cyberbullying.

From a young age, Mehdi Hasan was passionate and enthusiastic about social work. Motivated by social work, he devoted himself to social work with Narail Volunteers, a social organization based in his area. Later Narail started working with various domestic and international social organizations through volunteers.
Mehdi Hasan was very hardworking and eager to learn new things from the beginning. Attracted to innovative work, he once served as General Secretary of Narail Volunteers and successfully led several programs of Narail Volunteers.

Business has always fascinated Mehdi Hasan. He first ventured into business by selling various fine clay products through social media. Later, at the end of 2021, he launched a business called Beat For Mass. From where a part of the dividend was given to the people affected by COVID-19. He launched a digital agency in the same year. Mehdi Hasan opened a restaurant called Cafe Puzzlel in his home district Narail in 2022, which currently holds the best position in the region. Being a businessman and having a lot of interest in social work, he spends a part of the profits of Cafe Puzzle on the welfare of the people of his area.
